with an empty stomach jars try spot on
some soft food good there evening I came
not going to give him the full amount be
good to get some bottle into them as
well I scanned a little bit overzealous
bit to push it
sure enough spot soon gets his strength
back and it's not long before he perks
up and begins to take on the family dogs
Cesar and Ruby
[Music]
Ceaser's happy guess these tails Waggin
you did these hole trying to get him to
plaything
oh here we go do it again now good boy
Caesar good boy
once things are all tidied up jars takes
time to reflect on the impact the Cubs
are having on conservation we're doing
exactly what I set out to achieve in
that we are raising significant funds
that we're going to put towards what I
feel is you know the most successful an
appropriate tiger conservation program
for Sumatran tigers these Cubs are
raising more money per day than it costs
to run that program every day so every
day that these guys are on display we
are saving the summation tiger in
Corrine Teresa black National Park with
the help of Carey and son Keenan he's
got a new plan to help raise money to
save the wild Sumatran tigers tiger cub
paw prints are you ready Conan to help
so these are gonna be the little
canvasses that we get there a little
paws on I'm thinking $50 for every
single last cent as well go back into
conservation
[Music]
second-born stripe is as vocal as ever
but his usual spot takes it all in his
stride going now seriously
John I be able she's born
[Music]
place the waters nice and okay
okay before 40 paw prints are sold
that'll be another $2,000 towards
protecting tigers in the wild
[Music]
you